Cargo locate project (#10999)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cargo-locate-project.md

# cargo locate-project

> > Prints the JSON object to stdout with full path to the `Cargo.toml` manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Print the full path to the `Cargo.toml` manifest of the current project.
```

> > If the project is part of a workspace, the manifest of the project is shown, rather than the workspace output.

Reviewer 2: This sounds like it shows the output of a workspace, and there's no such thing.
```suggestion
> If the project is part of a workspace, the manifest of the project is shown, rather than that of the workspace.
```

> More information: <https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-locate-project.html>.

> - Print the JSON object to stdout with full path to `Cargo.toml` manifest:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Print the JSON object to `stdout` with full path to the `Cargo.toml` manifest:
```

> `cargo locatte-project`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cargo locate-project`
```

- Print the project path in the specified format:

`cargo locate-project --message-format {{plain|json}}`

> - Print the `Cargo.toml` located at the given path:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Print the `Cargo.toml` manifest located at the given path:
```

> - Print the project path only and not the JSON object:
> 
> `cargo locate-project --message-format plain`
> 
> - Print the project path with JSON object:
> 
> `cargo locate-project --message-format json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the project path in the speficied format:

`cargo locate-project --message-format {{plain|json}}`
```

> - Print the `Cargo.toml` located at the given path:
> 
> `cargo locate-project --manifest-path {{path/to/file.toml}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the path to the specified `Cargo.toml`:

`cargo locate-project --manifest-path {{path/to/Cargo.toml}}`
```

> - Print the `Cargo.toml` located at the root of workspace as opposed to current workspace member:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Print the `Cargo.toml` manifest located at the root of the workspace as opposed to the current workspace member:
```
